I didn't expect you to understand this
Of course. I majored in computer science in college.
Then please
Help me find out the IP of this virus link.
It's ok.
Who is he and who are you?
Get your dirty hands off me, are you not qualified to order me?
Jiang Yue
Put Chen Shu down
sit down
Hmm, why is this scene so much like training a puppy?
I went to him because I wanted to know
What happened to you that night?
Is this really that important?
I know you hacked that girl's phone
Your behavior makes me feel very insecure
Let this Nan Nan go first
I'll go tell him.
It's not that I don't understand human language
I'm not deaf
Go ahead.
Eat this cake and I'll tell you
OK
And so forth.
What are you doing? I'll feed you
How was it?
I can't forget hatred for this warmth
Guoguo is still slightly cold
How can I laugh?